Add a note regarding ADXTableUsageStatistics (#2336)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/using-diagnostic-logs.md

### [Tables](#tab/tables)

> * **TableUsageStatistics**: These logs have detailed information about the tables whose extents were scanned during query execution. Note that this log does not record statistics for queries that are part of commands, such as the set-or-append command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **TableUsageStatistics**: These logs have detailed information about the tables whose extents were scanned during query execution. Note that this log does not record statistics for queries that are part of commands, such as the [.set-or-append](kusto/management/data-ingestion/ingest-from-query.md) command
```

> * **TableUsageStatistics**: These logs have detailed information about the tables whose extents were scanned during query execution. Note that this log does not record statistics for queries that are part of commands, such as the [.set-or-append](kusto/management/data-ingestion/ingest-from-query.md) command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **TableUsageStatistics**: These logs have detailed information about the tables whose extents were scanned during query execution. Note that this log doesn't record statistics for queries that are part of commands, such as the [.set-or-append](kusto/management/data-ingestion/ingest-from-query.md) command.
```
